Once we have our
Road for 2040
page in place,
let's create more screens
for the different options,
the different sub topics within them.
So I'm going to click on Road to 2040.
I realized that this needed,
a subtitle, so I'm just going to borrow
that from the previous page
by clicking on it, holding “Alt” or “Option”
dragging it into my new screen
and changing the text for it.
Now they have the screen in place.
I'm just going to hold “Alt”
and then copy the whole artboard
by clicking on the name
and dragging it down.
But this wouldn't be the best function,
so let's just do “Command + D”
or “Control + D”. In this new artboard
in this new slide,
I don't want the icons
in the exact same manner as before,
so I'm just going to pull that down
for a bit.
Even the text - pull it up for a bit
and then just
just duplicate the plain artboard
with the menu option and the guidelines.
Now this is to demonstrate
another superpower
that the repeat grid function has, which
is used to create
text in a very symmetric manner
across different artboards and across
different slides.
So what we wanted to do is to zoom out
to be able to see the screens
we want to use
and then select the text box
by holding “Shift”,
click on “Repeat Grid” and
drag the controls across the screens.
Now we'd like to get
the spacing of 1920,
which is the width of each screen
between -
between each text.
But don't worry about that.
That may be a bit difficult
depending on the size of the text.
So let's just keep that keep a spacing
so that it's central to each screen
and then drag in your content
that you've written down
in a .txt file to the header
and the subtitle, subtitle body.
Now, once we got these in place,
we just need to right
click on it ungroup.
You can't see the
text on the next slides immediately,
but don't worry, it's right there.
So just ungroup it
and then you can center each of them.
Do the artboard
using the align functions at the top
right hand corner.
Now we just get super
creative and add our bullet points
along with images to make sure that
the most effective points are conveyed.
So these go along with your voice
and your enthusiasm.
So just
in case it's a presentation in a web
site, it would be slightly different.
But yeah,
just make sure you got all your points
in there with as many images
as you think necessary,
and we can do that in many formats.
A really cool place to check out
how people give presentations
is actually just Behance.
You can check it out on Behance or go to
Creative Marketplace, go to Dribble,
get some inspiration
from how people make screens,
not just presentations and implement
whatever is best to you.
What you've
got to remember with the .txt
files is as you press, enter
or as you create a new line
that gets read as a new block of text
during repeat.
So make sure there aren't any spaces
in between your -
make sure that there aren't
multiple lines in your grid,
so you can always add them together
and then bring it to XD
and then create multiple lines.
But for now, have it as a single paragraph.
And we're
almost there guys,
now we're just going to
get our images in place
and create the icon
buttons.